[gasps]
Where am I?
[sighs]
Oh crap.
I died again.
[KAZUMA]
After our battle with Verdia,
the Devil King's General,
the season changed to winter.
On this particular day,
I was in a mood
that was not so good.
I need money!
Well, duh.
Everyone here needs money.
Money makes life easier.
If you had ambition,
things would be different.
I mean, here I am,
a goddess,
and you have no problem
letting me sleep in a stable!
That's both shameful
and disrespectful.
Straighten up and give me
the life I deserve already!
Spoil me with luxury,
darn it!
Look, lady, you have
any freakin' idea
what I need money for?
No.
To pay off all our debt!
Uhh!
Thanks to all the damage
you caused,
yeah, you!
Damn near all the cash we get
from quests gets wiped out!
Why? To pay the bill
for damage you caused!
You wanna talk
about sleeping in stables?
When I woke up this morning
on my pile of straw,
my eyelashes were frozen!
You want luxury?!
I wanna get out of there
so I don't freeze to death!
[sneezes]
What was I supposed to do?!
If I didn't use
my super-incredible powers
to get rid of Verdia,
there wouldn't be a town left
to freeze to death in!
I should be worshipped,
not scolded!
Everyone should be singing
my praises
and spoiling me rotten!
Alright, you attention-whore!
I'll admit you saved the day.
So here's what we're gonna do.
You can have all the praise,
all the reward,
and all the debt!
Have fun
payin' it off yourself.
[yelps]
No! Wait! I'm sorry!
I-I didn't mean
to say those things!
Don't leave me like this!
[DARKNESS] It is far too early
in the morning for this.
Did you find us
a good quest to go on?
Uh-uh. There didn't seem
to be any rush to.
Everyone here's just
chillin' out.
[PATRONS laughing, chattering]
So, what do you wanna
do today?
[MAN] Go back to the inn
and sleep. It's cold out!
[MEGUMIN] I see.
After the battle with Verdia,
every adventurer who took part
got a piece of the reward.
Their coin pouches are full now,
so they have no reason
to go fight the more dangerous
winter monsters.
This is perfect!
Now, we can pick a good quest.
Y-Yes, let's!
Hopefully, one
with a strong enemy.
-[AQUA] Ko.
-[MEGUMIN] No!
-[KAZUMA] Su.
-[DARKNESS] Ba.
[KAZUMA]
I see some good rewards,
but all these quests suck.
-Kazuma! Kazuma!
-[KAZUMA] That's my name.
[DARKNESS]
How about this one?!
They are offering
one million eris
to hunt a pack
of White Wolves!
I can already imagine
the thrill of wild beasts
clawing and slobbering on me.
Mmm!
[KAZUMA]
Nope.
-Kazuma! Kazuma!
-Still my name.
What do you think
about this one?
-Huh?
-A One-Shot Bear kill-quest!
[smirks]
I'll teach that old bear
which one of us has
the stronger
one-shot attack!
Nothing can survive
my Explosion spell!
Are you kidding!
With a name like that,
you know it means business.
Hell, I bet one sneeze
from it is enough to kill us.
Ohh!
[KAZUMA]
Hmm, "Destroyer,
"the mobile fortress,
is drawing near.
"Scouts needed
to report whereabouts
and determine route."
This might work.
I don't know
what a Destroyer is, though.
Not "a" Destroyer,
"the" Destroyer.
It is a fast-moving,
giant fortress.
It walks around
on huge legs,
crushing everything.
It's also weirdly popular
with children!
[KAZUMA]
Ooh! Yeah, I don't get it.
Let's see. What's this?
Snow Sprite kill quest.
Hey, guys, what are these
Snow Sprites?
They're offering
a hundred thousand eris
for each one killed.
But going by their name,
they sound kinda dorky.
They tend to roam
in large groups
on the snowy plains.
People say that
with each Snow Sprite you kill,
spring comes
a half a day sooner.
-[KAZUMA] Noice.
-They're very weak,
so it doesn't take much
to defeat one. However--
Looks like we're taking
that one, then!
I'm going to go
get ready for it!
-[KAZUMA] Wait, no one said--
-[DARKNESS giggles]
-[KAZUMA] "He he," what?
-Snow Sprites, huh?
-[DARKNESS giggles]
-Uh?
Why does a masochist that
likes fighting strong monsters
look so happy about this?
Very suspicious.
Eh, who cares?
We need money!
[wind gusting]
[SNOW SPRITES squeaking]
Those are Snow Sprites?
I didn't-- Ugh!
What's up with you
and that net?!
You look like some dumb kid
hunting bugs in the snow.
I'm going to use this
to catch Sprites.
Then, pop em
into these bottles.
I thought, since they're cold,
we could put em in a box
with our drinks
That way, we can enjoy
an ice-cold beverage
whenever we want!
Isn't that a brilliant idea?!
[KAZUMA]
You'll screw it up somehow.
Why aren't you wearing
your armor for this?
You're not usually this exposed,
[breathy giggle]
This is fine.
I like the cold air.
It tingles.
[panting]
[KAZUMA]
I guess pervs run hot,
what with their
steamy thoughts and all.
[Sow Sprites squeaking]
[Snow Sprites squeaking]
[KAZUMA]
Goin' after my third one!
Come here, you!
Damn thing won't stay still!
-[squeaks]
-[AQUA] Ah-ha!
That makes four!
[giggles]
Kazuma, look! Look!
I caught a bunch!
[KAZUMA] [grumbles]
Show off.
If my kill count's too low
at the end of this,
I can always bust open one
of her jars and kill them, too.
-Gotcha!
-[squeaks]
-Kazuma!
-What?!
If I used
my Explosion spell,
I could incinerate
all of them.
Do it! But just don't
blow us away!
Of course not!
Topple this white world
of ice and cold
in a deluge
of deep crimson!
Explosion!
[explosion booms]
[squeaking]
[KAZUMA yelling]
[BOTH grunting]
[rumbling]
[KAZUMA]
Hey. How you doin'?
[weak laughter]
I got eight of them.
In total, I have defeated
nine Snow Sprites.
I even went up a level.
Alright, way to go!
The only thing that would make
this moment cooler
is if you didn't do
a faceplant.
[gasps]
[KAZUMA]
Hunting Snow Sprites
is the shiznit!
We made bank!
So, how come we're
the only ones hunting 'em?
-[DARKNESS] He is here!
-Huh?
[hissing]
Wh-what is that?!
How thrilling!
Is she playing dead?
-[AQUA] Kazuma!
-Huh?
There's a reason
adventurers don't go
on quests in winter.
And it's not because
of the cold.
Why?
[AQUA]
You used to live in Japan,
so I'm pretty sure
you've heard his name
mentioned
in your weather forecasts
this time of the year.
He is the lord
of the Snow Sprites,
the very image
of a brutal winter.
[gulps]
That's right!
The Winter Shogun is here!
-Uh?
-[DARKNESS] Hah!
Th-the Winter Shogun!
He is one of the monsters
the kingdom put
a huge bounty on!
He is that fearsome!
Huh?!
Ohh, but this is perfect.
A virginal knight trampled
under the heel
of the mighty Shogun.
No matter how I resist,
he will force me
into submission
with his brute strength.
-[excited panting]
-Idiots!
This whole rotten world's
full of idiots!
The people, the food,
the monsters!
It's totally whacked,
and I'm sick of it all!
[growls]
[BOTH whimper]
[hissing]
[growling]
[gasps]
H-he broke my blade!
[growls]
[frightened muttering]
Spirits like
the Winter Shogun
tap into the
subconscious thoughts
of people they meet.
That's how they choose
their form.
You know, you're not the only
Japanese person here.
I've reincarnated lots,
so I bet he got his form
from one of them.
You mean all it took to bring
this thing to life
was some jackass
from my country
walkin' around in the snow
with an overactive imagination?!
If I ever find out who it was,
I'll kill him!
If she's still lying there
when this is over,
I'm so gonna stomp on her.
-[AQUA] Kazuma!
-[KAZUMA] That's my name!
The Winter Shogun
is generous.
All we have to do
is apologize,
and I'm sure
he'll forgive us!
[squeaking]
[growls]
[inhales deeply]
We're sorry!
What's everyone waiting for?!
Bow! Bow!
Throw your weapons away,
get down and bow!
Hurry up, Kazuma!
Bow down and say you're sorry!
Uh-- Uh--
Kneeling there with
her forehead in the snow,
she didn't seem like
a goddess now.
I have to give her mad props for
her apology technique, though.
Hey, you heard her!
Get down and apologize!
Even if no one
sees me,
a knight such as I
cannot bow down to a monster!
[BOTH grunt]
This ain't the time
to whip out your pride
and start wavin' it around!
You wanted the last monster
to chain you up,
remember?!
Get your hands off me!
How dare you force my head
down onto the cold ground!
The cold, hard ground!
[giggling]
-Huh?
-[excited panting]
Your grip is so strong.
[excited panting]
And the snow is so cold!
[AQUA]
Kazuma!
Drop your sword!
As long as you hold it,
he'll think you're a threat!
Huh?
[sword clangs]
[gasps]
Oh, right.
The Winter Shogun killed me.
[GODDESS]
Kazuma Satou?
Uh?
Welcome to the afterlife.
I'm Eris, a goddess
who will guide you
onto a new path from here.
A few moments ago,
you passed on.
I am sorry.
[KAZUMA]
Talk about déjà vu.
This is how it was
when I met Aqua.
You're the goddess everyone
in this world talked about.
Yes. They are my followers.
You came here
all the way from Japan
only to have this happen.
You have suffered so much.
What the--
Is she serious?
She, like,
actually seems sad I died.
Not like that
other dumbass!
[ERIS] Oh, brave hero
from another world.
Huh? Yes?!
By the grace of my power,
I shall have you reincarnated
to a peaceful life in Japan.
You will be reborn
in a wealthy family
and have a happy life.
[KAZUMA] Y-you got
the power to do that?!
If that is what you wish.
Sweet!
I-if it's okay,
can you hook me up
with max amounts of charm,
wisdom, and strength?
And this time, can you
make it so I grow up
with a super-hot girl
as my best friend?!
I, um... I could try?
[relieved sigh]
That would be so awesome!
You don't know how stoked
I am to hear that!
Man, it feels like I dodged
a big ol' bullet there!
So is this like a reward I get
for trying my hardest?
'Cause up to now, life sucked,
and I could use a reward!
It is.
Actually, from time to time,
I would look in
on your journey.
I could see how difficult
your days were.
Yup! They sure were!
I reincarnated the first time
thinkin' I'd get to go
on some adventure,
like in a game.
But I got sold
a load of bull.
The goddess I brought along
as my bonus
turned out to be both cocky
and useless.
We had two allies,
this tweeny chick
with explosions
on her brain
who'd go limp
after casting a spell
and a pervy
masochistic crusader
who couldn't hit anything
with her sword.
I was supposed to be
an adventurer,
but I mostly worked construction
and hunted friggin' cabbages.
After we killed a bad guy,
I was so broke I thought
about sellin' a kidney.
Hell, I was so poor,
I slept in a stable.
And I damn near
froze to death.
It's no fun wakin' up
with frozen eyelashes!
If you ask me,
that world's game balance
was beyond jacked up.
Wh-- What the hell?
I'm crying.
After you have been reborn,
may you have
such kind encounters again.
[KAZUMA]
I get it now.
In the end,
even though my life
was tough in that crazy world...
...it was still pretty fun.
And what I'll miss most
is hanging out with my friends.
[AQUA]
Come on, Kazuma,
-get back here!
-Huh?!
[AQUA] You have some nerve
getting killed like that!
No way are you dying yet!
Y-you're kidding!!
Th-that sounds like
Lady Aqua!
Is it really her?!
[AQUA] I know you can hear me
in there, Kazuma.
I cast a resurrection spell
on you,
so hurry up already
and come on back to this side!
No way! I can go back?!
Oh! I'm sorry!
One moment!
According to the laws
of Heaven,
since you were not born
of that world,
if you die there,
you cannot return to it!
Oh, for real?
Hey, Aqua!
She says I can't come back,
'cause the laws of Heaven
don't let people
who weren't born there
come back or... something!
[AQUA] Huh?!
That has to be
the stupidest thing
I've ever heard!
Whatever goddess told you that
is an idiot!
You let that dummy know
that I'm an elite goddess
in charge of Japan!
I won't take
any lip from her!
[KAZUMA] Damn, Aqua,
dial back on the insults!
This one looks like she's gonna
start to cry any second!
She heard you.
Oh, and by the way,
she told me her name's Eris.
Eris?!
You mean the Eris
who thinks she's so special
just 'cause she has
her own currency here
and a couple followers?
That overrated twerp?!
[gasps]
-Hey, Kazuma!
-Yeah?
If she keeps
giving you trouble,
tell her
I'll let everyone know
she pads her bra.
-Okay, okay, you win!
-That true?
I'll make an exception
this time!
I'll open the gate
for him right away!
They're pads?
Honestly, Lady Aqua is
as unreasonable...
-[KAZUMA] Those are pads?!
-...as she ever was.
[ERIS]
Konosuba!
[KAZUMA]
Hey, I'm cool with pads.
Uh...
That will take you
to the living world.
Even though this is not
usually how it's done.
May I ask you for a favor?
Huh? O-oh, yeah!
If you don't mind...
...please keep this secret.
[gasps]
[AQUA] [distant]
Kazuma!
Kazuma, please wake up!
[gasps]
[giggles]
Good, you came back!
I can't believe how uptight
she was about the rules.
[MEGUMIN/DARKNESS]
Kazuma!
[crying]
[KAZUMA]
This is nice...
...and kinda weird.
Oh, it's okay, Kazuma!
Don't just lie there blushing,
say something already!
I performed
a small miracle there
bringing you back to life.
Don't you have anything
to say in return? Come on!
[KAZUMA]
Yeah, I got something to say.
I wanna trade you in
for the other one.
The cuter one!
Now, I know you can think
of something.
Start simple,
like by thanking me
or maybe saying you're sorry
for how horribly you treated
an amazing goddess such as--
I wanna swap you out
for the other goddess!
You damn NEET,
you asked for it!
You like Eris so much?!
How about if I send you
back to her in pieces!
[KAZUMA screaming]
A-Aqua! That isn't
very goddess-like!
Are you alright?
Nothing about you feels off
or anything, I hope.
N-no, I think I'm okay.
[relieved sigh]
Thank goodness.
You were killed
in such a horrible way.
What? Like, how horrible
are we talkin'?
Not only is
the Winter Shogun generous,
he's merciful, too.
With one graceful slice,
he cut your head clean off.
H-he cut my head off?!
Oh my god!
[wind whistling]
[KAZUMA]
Winter here is no joke.
It's cold as hell,
and food's hard to come by.
The only things
that should be out here now
are things that are
strong enough to survive.
Like monsters.
For beginners like us,
there's no such thing
as an easy winter quest.
Alright. Let's bail.
-[AQUA] Ko!
-[KAZUMA] No!
-[MEGUMIN] Su!
-[DARKNESS] Ba!
[AQUA]
Ta-da!
-You kept one!
-That's right!
I wasn't just bowing
when I was bowing,
I was hiding him!
When I opened my jar,
I only pretended
to let all of them out.
Guess I was so convincing,
not even the Winter Shogun
knew I had him.
Way to fake him out, Aqua!
Come on.
Hand that sucker over,
and I'll kill it
and cash it in.
Oh no, you won't!
I'm taking him home and turning
him into a refrigerator!
Are you crazy?!
They're worth a hundred thousand
apiece dead!
No! You can't kill him!
I won't let you!
I already gave him
a name and everything!
I won't let you kill him!
I won't, I won't!
It's just a Snow Sprite.
Let her keep it, Kazuma.
Okay, fine.
Uh?
[relieved sigh]
[giggles]
I'm going to take
good care of you
and when summer comes around,
I'll have you make lots of ice.
Then, we'll open
a snow cone shop together!
And when the nights get hot,
I'll put you next to my pillow.
What do these things eat,
anyway?
I have no idea.
Do those things
even have to eat?
I like how soft and fluffy
Snow Sprites look.
I'd imagine if you sprinkled
a little sugar on it,
it would be quite tasty.
Don't even think
about eating him!
On that note, I am starting
to get hungry.
[AQUA]
Let's order something!
I wonder what
the special is today,
[KAZUMA]
She was a goddess.
She looked like
she actually felt sorry
about me dying.
And she looked happy for me
when I was revived.
If you don't mind...
...please keep this secret.
[KAZUMA]
She's a sweet, beautiful girl
who's not a nutjob!
After all this time here,
I think I finally met
my one true love!
[AQUA]
Don't just sit there, Kazuma.
-Eat!
-Huh?
What in the hell'd you order
all this food for?!
[MEGUMIN] If you get to be
as great a magician as I am,
you have to eat hearty meals
so you can function
at the highest level.
-[AQUA] Spoilsport.
-Say what?!
[AQUA] I brought you back
to life today,
-so why don't you live a little!
-Huh?
[AQUA] It's okay
to treat ourselves.
By the way, we're using
some of the reward
we got to pay for this.
But that money's
supposed to get us
through the winter!
-[DARKNESS] Relax.
-No!
[DARKNESS] If we run out
of money, we can always go
on another quest.
One with a good monster,
Yes, a monster that secretes
loads of slime would be nice!
Or perhaps one with big,
floppy tentacles!
[gasps]
Just thinking about them
grasping me makes me quiver!
[KAZUMA groans]
On second thought,
I made the wrong choice.
I should have reincarnated
back to Japan!
[MEGUMIN] Megumin, the
extraordinary magical genius.
Beneath her charming exterior
lay tremendous Explosion magic.
It was so spectacular
to beho--